# RouteAware

RouteAware is a web-based traffic incident information sharing application that uses advanced technology to process and moderate content. The software tool allows users to share real-time traffic incident information by publishing incident cards, as well as view a map with incidents, browse incident cards and sort incident cards by region. One of the key tools utilised in the RouteAware platform is the YOLO neural network. 
The YOLO neural network enables automatic detection of objects in images with high accuracy and speed. In the context of RouteAware, YOLO is used to moderate the images that users upload when creating traffic incident cards.
When a user uploads a traffic incident image to the RouteAware platform, the YOLO neural network automatically analyses the image content and determines the presence of objects such as cars, people, accidents and other elements related to traffic incidents.
After analysis, YOLO either allows the picture to be published or, if the picture does not match, replaces the picture with the standard image of the incident card on the form board. As a consequence, fewer cards need to be checked and corrected by the administrator. Thus, the use of YOLO neural network on RouteAware platform can significantly speed up the content moderation process and provide higher accuracy in identifying traffic incidents in images.
In addition, this application has this technology stack: C#, JavaScript, HTML and CSS, ASP.NET Core, React, EFCore, PostgreSQL, Leaflet library (for working with cards and displaying accidents on the map), MinIO cloud storage, JWT, Docker. 
